If you forget the reward money, I beg you, I beg you, I beg you, I beg you, I beg you.
and hod reduced to theOLD
How could I let him touch an trowel?
I've worked enough to cultivate the cruel and evil man I am today
so that the rotting eyes I appreciate won't be afraid of him again.
Yet former promissory
I am the only one who can kill the world.
But I can't do it.
I can't do it.
Father, father, father, father, father,
this is...
Father...
What is it?
I will save myself with this sword.
Hey, it hurts...
How could he do that?
Don't speak!
Today is a happy one and the tomorrow is funny...
I put this on my respectable shoulder and a salary in this box.
Do you understand?
Thank you for watching!